Update how-to-create-release-announcements.md (#130)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/messaging-and-math/how-to-guides-for-m-and-m/how-to-create-screenshots-and-gifs.md

#### Don't zoom past 100% and pixelated images

> When you need to show a particular part of the product, don't crop the image and zoom past 100% to show the functionality.   Screenshots should be full-sized (no zoom-in, no resizing within GDoc), potentially stored in a TIF file. Example of what not to do: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you need to show a particular part of the product, don't crop the image and zoom past 100% to show the functionality. Screenshots should be full-sized (no zoom-in, no resizing within Google Doc), potentially stored in a TIF file. For optimal quality on Mac screenshots, [see this help article](https://graphicdesign.stackexchange.com/questions/30081/highest-quality-website-screenshot/30142#30142).

Example of what not to do: 
```
